What do you mean?
I am waiting for Form 1. If I need to eat first,
You can pick your own ice medicine. If you risk death,
What about when you go to pass your rental killing?
Rental killing is very precious, maybe,
Do you just miss this machine friend?
Well, even if Ba Du is right,
So late to conquer you, when I want to find a precious moment to kill,
You must follow the instructions carefully. I want you to go back and take a look at the rental site.
Overloaded and a mess?
Well, you can rent everywhere without being burdened with abandonment,
It seems that this team is very familiar with the positions placed during rental kills.
I believe what Su said.
I think you should go over there
Xie Feng is right
Then let's do what Zhao and you two want.